WRO-12293: Add Sandstone skin customization guide (#3104)
enactjs/enact: docs/creating-components.md

```

For more details and advanced theming features and recommendations, see our [Theming Guide](./theming.md).

> ## Customizing Sandstone skin at Run-Time

Reviewer: I think we could use `Runtime` instead of `Run-Time` for consistency. WDYT?

Author: The previous title is `## Customizing Components at Design-Time` that's why I put the same format :)

> Enact provides several ways to customize the appearance of components but all these methods are at design time. We've got lots of requests to support runtime customization. We've added Sandstone skin customization feature at runtime. This means you can customize the appearance of Sandstone components after the application is built.

Reviewer: Hm.. I think this part is somewhat not convincing. How about elaborating on the merits of runtime customizations with examples?
instead of
```
We've got lots of requests to support runtime customization. We've added Sandstone skin customization feature at runtime. This means you can customize the appearance of Sandstone components after the application is built.
```
I'll also think about more.

> Enact provides several ways to customize the appearance of components but all these methods are at design time. We've added Sandstone skin customization feature at runtime. This means you can customize the appearance of Sandstone components after the application is built. You can use this feature in your app to customize the skin without code modification. You also can support app users to define skin customization.
> We've made a list of CSS variables and made those variables can override the Sandstone skin. This approach makes style changes work properly and safely after the build.
> 
> All you need to do is build your app with `--custom-skin` option and add a CSS file named `custom_skin.css` which includes a preset of colors, under the `customizations` folder in the build result like below.

Reviewer: How about

```suggestion
Sometimes, you might want to change the appearance of components even after the application is built. For example, you might want to change the color of the text in components or the background color of focused components globally.

As we mentioned earlier, Enact provides several ways to customize the appearance of components but these methods are at design time. Since Sandstone 2.1, we've added Sandstone skin customization feature to support runtime customization. Thanks to this feature, you can customize the appearance of Sandstone components after the application is built. It allows you to customize the skin of your app without code modification. Moreover, you can even let app users define skin customization for your app.

You might wonder how does this work?
We've made a list of CSS variables and made those variables can override the Sandstone skin. This approach makes style changes work properly and safely after the build. As of now, we support colors but we hope we could expand this feature beyond that.

All you need to do is build your app with `--custom-skin` option and add a CSS file named `custom_skin.css` which includes a preset of colors, under the `customizations` folder in the build result like below. Make sure you've installed Enact CLI 5.1.0 or above.
```

Author: Looks much better! Just changed the term above -> later.
Just FYI, I found a good discussion about the version naming in English https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/112257/above-or-later-when-referencing-a-range-of-versions-of-software

```bash
enact pack --custom-skin
```

```none
my-app/
  README.md
  .gitignore
  package.json
  dist/
    customizations/
      custom_skin.css
    main.css
    main.js
    ...
  node_modules/
  src/
  resources/
  webos-meta/
```

> You can make `custom_skin.css` file from the the [Sandstone custom-skin sample](https://github.com/enactjs/samples/tree/master/sandstone/custom-skin). The sample also support preview of your customized skin. Pressing `SHOW OUTPUT` button will popup the customized CSS and `DOWNLOAD` button will download your customized `custom_skin.css` file. The content of the `custom_skin.css` file looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make a `custom_skin.css` file from the the [Sandstone custom-skin sample](https://github.com/enactjs/samples/tree/master/sandstone/custom-skin). The sample also supports a preview of your customized skin. Pressing `SHOW OUTPUT` button will pop up the customized CSS and `DOWNLOAD` button will download your customized `custom_skin.css` file. The content of the `custom_skin.css` file looks like this:
```

```css
// custom_skin.css
//
.sandstone-theme {
	--sand-bg-color: #000000;
	--sand-text-color-rgb: 230, 230, 230;
	--sand-component-text-color-rgb: 230, 230, 230;
	--sand-component-bg-color: #7D848C;
	--sand-component-active-indicator-bg-color: #E6E6E6;
	--sand-component-inactive-indicator-bg-color: #9DA2A7;
}
```

> > Note: You should be sure to put RGB-separated values in the css variable name ending with `-rgb` if you edit the value in the file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: You should be sure to put RGB-separated values in the CSS variable names ending with `-rgb` if you edit the value in the file directly.
```
